# 2016-03-17 Call Notes

## AGENDA
We'll go with the structured training approach -- we'll have fully working code and exercises to lead attendees into writing their own version of the working code throughout the day. the general workshop agenda will be:

 * API Design session
 * DORR Implementation Model Part 1 (data and object models)
 * LUNCH
 * DORR Implementation Model Part 2 (resource and representation models)
 * Code Wrap up and Demos

## SLIDES
I'll work up the slides (15 min per unit) and the code samples (stubs, examples, and fully working modules) and post them to our github repo.

## CODE
I'll post the code samples this weekend and you and I can go through some pair-coding sessions next week to work through a fully-working version ahead of the event.

## TALK, COACH, DEMO
I'll do the 15 min talks at the start of the each session and you and I will work together to coach the room into completing the exercises for that session

For the last session, you can take the lead on helping teams to show off their demos.

## CLIENT APPS
I'll have some general client apps on hand (HAL, Siren, Collection+JSON) to use as test tools for the completed APIs. It might also be good to have a postman or some other general API client ready to use for demos.

## POSTING DURING THE SESSION
BTW - I build on my own laptop and check into a local repo. if there is a good public connection i push to a public repo on github. if available, i also push working code to heroku via git commands.

I'll continue to populate the repo this weekend I prep for next week's practice sessions.

## PRACTICE SESSIONS
I have the following days/times open for 1 hour practice sessions (all times -4:00):

 * Monday 14:00 - 16:00
 * Tuesday 14:00 - 16:00
 * Wednesday 10:00 - 12:00, 14:00 - 16:00
 * Thursday 10:00 - 12:00

Let me know which two you would like to reserve and I'll set up the calendar invites.



